Docs: Added Universe (#18)
ykdojo/active-repos-for-contributing: README.md

Built on: Go

https://github.com/KyleTryon/Feed-Monitor

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---

```

## LinuxGamer/Universe

> > An open source app to do anything and everything.

Reviewer: I see what you're trying to do, but I think this description is too broad.

Could you phrase it in a more specific way?

Author: How does it look now?

Reviewer: looks good! thank you

Built on: Go

https://github.com/KyleTryon/Feed-Monitor

---

## LinuxGamer/Universe

> > An open source app to do anything and everything. From a simple app launcher, to a terminal emulator, to a file manager, even to a web browser (all built in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> An open source app to do many things - from a simple app launcher, to a terminal emulator, to a file manager, and even to a web browser (all built-in).
```
